more clear explanation about splitCsv() operators (#4163)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/operator.md

    .splitCsv(header: ['col1', 'col2', 'col3'], skip: 1 )
    .view { row -> "${row.col1} - ${row.col2} - ${row.col3}" }
```
:::{note}

> - If the header option is not used, .splitCsv() returns each row as a List.
> - If header: true is used, or if a list of strings is provided for the header, then .splitCsv() returns each row as a LinkedHashMap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, the `splitCsv` operator returns each row as a *list* object. Items are accessed by using the 0-based column index.
- When the `header` is specified each row is returned as a *map* object (also known as dictionary). Items are accessed via the corresponding column name. 
```
